[IMP] Appraisals: Update skills evolution (#13265)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/appraisals/skills_evolution.rst

To access this *Skills Evolution* report, navigate to :menuselection:`Appraisals app --> Reporting
--> Skills Evolution`.

Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Appraisal Skills Report` page. All skills are grouped by the month
they were created, then by employee, and then by skill type.

.. important::

>    All employee skills do *not* appear on the :guilabel:`Appraisals Skills Report`. The **only**
>    skills that appear on the report are for employees with completed appraisals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Appraisals Skills Report` displays skills only for employees with at least one completed appraisal. Skills for employees whose appraisals are still draft or pending are not included.
```

To access this *Skills Evolution* report, navigate to :menuselection:`Appraisals app --> Reporting
--> Skills Evolution`.

Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Appraisal Skills Report` page. All skills are grouped by the month

> they were created, then employee, and then by skill type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they were created, then by employee, and then by skill type.
```

.. important::
   All employee skills do *not* appear on the :guilabel:`Appraisals Skills Report`. The **only**

>    skills that appear on the report, are for employees with completed appraisals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   skills that appear on the report are for employees with completed appraisals.
```

> .. important::
>     The :guilabel:`Appraisals Skills Report` only displays skills for employees with at least one
>     completed appraisal. Skills for employees whose appraisals are still draft or pending are not
>     included.

Reviewer 3: Alignment :)
```suggestion
.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Appraisals Skills Report` only displays skills for employees with at least one
   completed appraisal. Skills for employees whose appraisals are still draft or pending are not
   included.
```

   When an employee completes their first appraisal, all their skills appear on the report. Once
   subsequent appraisals are marked as done, any skill changes from the previous appraisal appear on
   the report.

   Any skill level changes from ongoing appraisals that have **not** been finalized are **not**
   included in this report.

To view the specific details for an employee's skill types, expand the :guilabel:`Employee`, then

> expand the individual :guilabel:`Skill Types`. Each individual skill type displays the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
expand the individual :guilabel:`Skill Types`. Each skill type displays the following
```

be difficult to find employees with a specific skill at a specific level. To find these employees, a
custom filter must be used.

In this example, the report is modified to show employees with an expert level of Javascript
knowledge. To view only those employees, first remove all active filters in the search bar.

Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(Toggle Search Panel)` icon in the search bar, then
click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` beneath the :icon:`fa-filters` :guilabel:`Filters` column to
load an :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window.

Using the drop-down menu in the first field, select :guilabel:`Skill`. Then, keep the second field
as-is (:guilabel:`is in)`, and select :guilabel:`Javascript` from the third drop-down menu in the
third field.

Next, click :guilabel:`New Rule`, and another line appears. In this second line, select
:guilabel:`Current Level` for the first drop-down field, leave the second field as-is :guilabel:`(is
in)`, then select :guilabel:`Expert` for the third drop-down field.

After the :guilabel:`New Rule` button is clicked, the word :guilabel:`"any"` in the sentence

> :guilabel:`Match any of the following rules:`, changes from plain text into a drop-down menu. Click

Reviewer: I didn't quite understand what this part was referring to in the beginning. Let's modify it to something like:

After the second rule is added, navigate to the text at the top of the pop-up window that shows :guilabel:`Match any of the following rules:`. Click the drop-down menu for :guilabel:`any` and change it to :guilabel:`all`.

.. _appraisals/identify-skills:

Use case: Identify employees with specific skills
=================================================

Since the :guilabel:`Appraisal Skills Report` organizes all skills by month, then employee, it can
be difficult to find employees with a specific skill at a specific level. To find these employees, a
custom filter must be used.

In this example, the report is modified to show employees with an expert level of Javascript
knowledge. To view only those employees, first remove all active filters in the search bar.

Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(Toggle Search Panel)` icon in the search bar, then
click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` beneath the :icon:`fa-filters` :guilabel:`Filters` column to
load an :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window.

Using the drop-down menu in the first field, select :guilabel:`Skill`. Then, keep the second field
as-is (:guilabel:`is in)`, and select :guilabel:`Javascript` from the third drop-down menu in the
third field.

Next, click :guilabel:`New Rule`, and another line appears. In this second line, select
:guilabel:`Current Level` for the first drop-down field, leave the second field as-is

> (:guilabel:`(is in)`, then select :guilabel:`Expert` for the third drop-down field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`(is in)`, then select :guilabel:`Expert` for the third drop-down field.
```

be difficult to find employees with a specific skill at a specific level. To find these employees, a
custom filter must be used.

In this example, the report is modified to show employees with an expert level of Javascript
knowledge. To view only those employees, first remove all active filters in the search bar.

Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(Toggle Search Panel)` icon in the search bar, then
click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` beneath the :icon:`fa-filters` :guilabel:`Filters` column to
load an :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window.

Using the drop-down menu in the first field, select :guilabel:`Skill`. Then, keep the second field
as-is (:guilabel:`is in)`, and select :guilabel:`Javascript` from the third drop-down menu in the
third field.

Next, click :guilabel:`New Rule`, and another line appears. In this second line, select
:guilabel:`Current Level` for the first drop-down field, leave the second field as-is :guilabel:`(is
in)`, then select :guilabel:`Expert` for the third drop-down field.

After the second rule is added, navigate to the text at the top of the pop-up window that shows

> :guilabel:`Match any` :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`of the following rules:`. Click the drop-down
> menu for :guilabel:`any` and change it to :guilabel:`all`.

Reviewer 3: I dont think it is necessary to include the colon for this UI text, plus it looks strange with a period following it
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Match any` :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`of the following rules`. Click the drop-down
menu for :guilabel:`any` and change it to :guilabel:`all`.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Nitpick - Remove an extra line
```suggestion
```

pivot table with the employees populating the rows, and the only visible column represents the total
number of improved skills.

To expand the columns to view which skill types had the most overall improvement, click
:icon:`fa-plus-square` :guilabel:`Total` above the :guilabel:`Count` column, then click
:guilabel:`Add Custom Group` :icon:`fa-caret-down`, then click :guilabel:`Skill` from the resulting
drop-down menu. This expands all the improved skills, organized by individual skill.

.. example::

>    In this example, it is determined that :guilabel:`Audrey Peterson` had the largest improvement in
>    the third quarter, with five improved skills.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In this example, :guilabel:`Audrey Peterson` improved the most in the third quarter, with five improved skills.
```
